README.md, before:

# WeeMeAgency Website

## Product Requirements Document (PRD)

### Overview

A modern, single-page agency website designed to showcase services, attract clients, and provide easy contact options.

### Core Features

#### 1. Loading Screen

- Animated text displaying site name
- Smooth transition to main content
- Minimal duration (2-3 seconds)

#### 2. Navigation Bar

- Fixed position at top
- Smooth scroll to sections
- Mobile-responsive hamburger menu
- Links: Home, Services, References, Contact

#### 3. Hero Section

- Main headline: "Creative solutions, impactful results."
- Large, bold typography
- Background: Modern, minimalist design
- Call-to-action button

#### 4. Services Cards

- 3 cards displayed horizontally
- Each card includes:
  - Icon/illustration
  - Service title
  - Brief description
- Responsive layout (stack on mobile)

#### 5. References Section

- Logo grid of partner companies
- Grayscale logos with hover color effect
- Responsive grid layout

#### 6. Contact Form

- Fields:
  - Name
  - Email
  - Subject
  - Message
- Form validation
- Success/error messages
- Anti-spam protection

#### 7. Contact Information

- Business address
- Phone number
- Email address
- Interactive map location
- Social media links

#### 8. Footer

- Company logo
- Quick links
- Social media icons
- Copyright information
- Privacy policy link

### Technical Requirements

- Fully responsive design (mobile-first approach)
- Cross-browser compatibility
- Fast loading times
- SEO-friendly structure
- Modern tech stack (React)
- Optimized images and assets

### Design Guidelines

- Clean, professional aesthetic
- Consistent color scheme
- Modern typography
- Adequate white space
- Smooth scrolling
- Subtle animations
- High-contrast text for readability

---

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)

Commit message:

Add testing and build instructions to README.md; implement scroll to top on MainPage load; enhance Navbar logo styling

README.md, after:

# WeeMeAgency Website

## Product Requirements Document (PRD)

### Overview

A modern, single-page agency website designed to showcase services, attract clients, and provide easy contact options.

### Core Features

#### 1. Loading Screen

- Animated text displaying site name
- Smooth transition to main content
- Minimal duration (2-3 seconds)

#### 2. Navigation Bar

- Fixed position at top
- Smooth scroll to sections
- Mobile-responsive hamburger menu
- Links: Home, Services, References, Contact

#### 3. Hero Section

- Main headline: "Creative solutions, impactful results."
- Large, bold typography
- Background: Modern, minimalist design
- Call-to-action button

#### 4. Services Cards

- 3 cards displayed horizontally
- Each card includes:
  - Icon/illustration
  - Service title
  - Brief description
- Responsive layout (stack on mobile)

#### 5. References Section

- Logo grid of partner companies
- Grayscale logos with hover color effect
- Responsive grid layout

#### 6. Contact Form

- Fields:
  - Name
  - Email
  - Subject
  - Message
- Form validation
- Success/error messages
- Anti-spam protection

#### 7. Contact Information

- Business address
- Phone number
- Email address
- Interactive map location
- Social media links

#### 8. Footer

- Company logo
- Quick links
- Social media icons
- Copyright information
- Privacy policy link

### Technical Requirements

- Fully responsive design (mobile-first approach)
- Cross-browser compatibility
- Fast loading times
- SEO-friendly structure
- Modern tech stack (React)
- Optimized images and assets

### Design Guidelines

- Clean, professional aesthetic
- Consistent color scheme
- Modern typography
- Adequate white space
- Smooth scrolling
- Subtle animations
- High-contrast text for readability

---

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)
